<h1> Aibo Documentation 🤖 </h1>

<h2> Purpose of the product 🛠: </h2>

<p>Aibo is an extension program downloaded through the device Neuralink and visualizes a speculative design for a product launched approximately a thousand years from now. The product's main purpose is to provide company to any person who feels lonely or isolated from society. Aibo, translated from Japanese as “companion or partner”, is a holographic image transmitted to the brain through Neuralink that allows the user to see and interact with their new friend. Aibo uses Artificial Intelligence to analyze the preferences of the user based on the user’s behavior and qualities that define the “perfect” companion in the user’s inner self desires. However, as mentioned on the website, this option is customizable. The user is allowed to interact with their Aibo by communicating through internal thoughts without the necessity of speaking out loud. Moreover, Aibo also includes features such as functioning as a personal virtual assistant, functioning as a friend that listens and responds to human emotions, and functioning as someone to spend time with. The user can further share their Aibo with other users if desired, but the main purpose of Aibo is to provide a private companion. Users can feel assured that what they tell their Aibo will remain confidential. Aibo is an intelligent program that understands human emotions and will always know how to respond to them. Although Aibo is intended to fill the void of solitude in people, Aibo will be opened to the general public. Aibo stands for a program that enhances interaction for every person around the world. 
</p>

<h2> Product implications 🧨 :</h2>
<p>Several features of the Aibo product design promotes user loyalty, which can be potentially dangerous if it transitions into over-reliance or even dependence. In the form of personified companions bearing emotional sustenance, Aibos are in nature AI models written, operated, maintained, and controlled by a private company, which is capable of manipulating prices and creating consumption traps as business strategies.</p>

<p>
Data privacy and security is another crucial aspect of discussion, especially in our hypothetical universe where everyone has a “neuralink” implant functioning as the central hub of the brain. By downloading the Aibo program to the neuralink, the user automatically gives consent to the Aibo corporation to access information stored in the system. This might include personally identifiable information and user behavioral data from interactions with Aibos. The Aibo Privacy Statement claims that Aibo users have choices regarding which data to share, but the users may not be made fully aware of the sensitivity of the shared information or how these data can potentially be used for malicious purposes; if they refuse to share the “required” data, they will not be allowed to use the product. The statement is also filled with vague terms such as “Aibo-controlled affiliates” and “to protect the rights and property of Aibo”, providing large rooms for ambiguity and tampering. Overall, the Aibo product raises many data leakage concerns.</p>

<p> Another possible issue with Aibo is the loss of human-to-human interactions. One of the main questions is whether Aibo will replace human friends and family members. Aibo's “perfect” qualities based on user preferences and characteristics may lead to individuals spending more time with their Aibos. In addition, Aibo’s privacy features might make individuals more confident talking and interacting with Aibos. Although the main purpose of the Aibo is to fill the void of solitude, this product might also lead to further isolation of individuals from human society. </p>

<h2> Creative process 💡  </h2>
<p>The process for the creation of Aibo began with a few ideas that arose in a class discussion. We explored two technologies that would serve as the bases for our product. (1) The Seal AI companion for the elderly, and (2) virtual chats with K-pop AI idols. When faced with a task of speculative design, our team considered what are the potential ethical and social implications of these applications of AI, and situated them in a future where technology is significantly more developed, and where the market lacks regulations to address the aforementioned concerns. As listed in the product implications, the goal of Aibo was to imagine a future that would bring dependence on technology, abuse of privacy from big corporations, the blurred lines of what it means to be human, amongst many, to the forefront of the discourse. Upon several conversations, we decided that the best way to go forward would be to emulate the behavior of big tech companies in the present, and build a website as a marketing product that would illustrate the severity, but subtly of our concerns.</p>

<p>We first brainstormed for a possible wireframe for our website where we could present all the content in an organized and efficient way. From our wireframe, we found a template that fit our expectations perfectly and altered it to resemble our ideas. 
</p>

<li>See the wireframe here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Md56RGI_vSAweD2UE1Rq3f8BCv246iJE/view?usp=drivesdk </li>
<li>See the template here: </li>

<h2> ... on using ai 🪄</h2>

<p>Using MidJourney to generate the images for our website had an important impact on our project. They helped us visualize, and better design how an Aibo would look like so that (1) all the team members would be on the same page, and (2) the information would be transmitted in an easier manner to the audience. Furthermore, we were using the AI model constantly throughout the design process to generate images. We believe that seeing the product mock-ups it gave us, altered our approach to the creative process, and guided us to imagining features that could be feasible for the AI's visualization. That is to say, we (a) thought of an idea, (b) spent some time with midjourney illustrating the idea, (c) altered our product's features and implications based on how the image looked. For instance, as we obtained better results with realistic prompts, we decided to allow Aibo to take the shape of real people, and potentially deaseaed loved one. Yet, we only came to this conclusion, or this idea, after seeing the images midjourney produced for us. Should we credit then MidJourney for helping us with the brainstormin process? 
</p>
